"PASTE_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"
"PASTE_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"
"..."


I.  INSTRUCTIONS
––––––––––––––––
To get your bot token(s), please follow the
steps in this guide. You can use more  than
one token  to avoid exceeding the  API rate
limits.

  https://sicariusblack.github.io/mic-drop-results/docs/token.html


IMPORTANT  NOTICE:  THIS  FEATURE  DOES NOT
REQUIRE YOU TO ADD THE BOTS TO ANY  DISCORD
SERVER. WE EVEN HIGHLY ADVISE AGAINST IT.


II.  AVATAR-DOWNLOADING SERVICE
     TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

(Last modified on October 9, 2023.)

Before  proceeding,  we suggest you take  a
brief overview of Discord’s Developer Terms
of Service and Developer Policy at:

  https://discord.com/developers/docs/legal

By  adding  your  bot token  or  bot tokens
(“Tokens”)  to  this file,  you acknowledge
and agree that you:

   (i)  authorize  the Mic Drop  Results
        program   and   its  maintainers
        (collectively,  “we,”  “us,”  or
        “our”)  to have  FULL ACCESS  to
        the  bots  associated  with  the
        tokens (the “Bots”),  along with
        all data  collected  using these
        tokens; and

  (ii)  entrust us with the authority to
        access and use Discord’s APIs on
        your behalf.

Please note  that  providing us  with  your
tokens  does  not grant us  any access  to,
control  over,   or   information  of  your
Discord  account   or  bots  that  are  not
directly associated with these tokens.


OUR OBLIGATIONS

We  pledge   to  abide  by  the   following
conditions  when accessing  or  using  your
Tokens, Bots, and data  (in compliance with
Section 12(a)  of Discord’s Developer Terms
of Service),  despite having full access to
them:

   1. We guarantee that your Tokens and all
      data  obtained  by  means  of   these
      Tokens  (altogether  referred  to  as
      your  “data”)   shall  always  remain
      inside and  within the bounds of your
      local  machine.  We will never  share
      these data  with anyone  or send them
      anywhere else without your active and
      deliberate will to share them.

   2. We guarantee  to only access  and use
      Discord’s  APIs  in  compliance  with
      Discord’s Developer Terms of Service,
      Developer      Policy,      Community
      Guidelines,    and   all   applicable
      regulations imposed by Discord Inc.

   3. We  shall use your data for  no other
      purpose than to assist the process of
      downloading user avatars.

You  may request us to stop using your data
and  taking  actions on your behalf at  any
time  by  withdrawing all tokens from  this
file  and resetting your Bots’  tokens  via
Discord Developer Portal.

Thank you for using our service!

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS


III.  HOW THIS FILE WORKS
–––––––––––––––––––––––––
The program will scan each line of the file.
If a line exceeds 70 characters,  it will be
identified as a bot token.

All  quotation  marks  and  redundant  space
will be trimmed from the final result.
